for homesick British expatriates living
in New York City there's no better place
than Meyers of Kecak founded in 1985 on
a stretch of Hudson Street in the West
Village that might almost be mistaken
for a country lane the small intensively
organized shop sells all sorts of
groceries you won't usually find in
Gotham including thick-cut orange
marmalades liquorice allsorts and jelly
babies fruit gums multiple types of
baked beans prawn flavored potato chips
and soccer team hats and scarfs Myers of
Kecak was inspired by a butcher shop of
the same name run by founder Tom Meyers
his father in Kecak England he ended up
making the sausages right out of our
kitchen it took off and before you knew
it the next conversation that my mom and
dad had was get out of this kitchen you
need a space so they looked around and
came across 634 Hudson Street and the
location was ideal because it was so
close to the meat market the pies sold
at the store are made in the backroom
and includes such famous British
pastries as pork pies Scotch eggs and
Cornish pasties the Cornish pasty in
particular was originally made in the
17th century for tin Myers in the
Cornwall district the pie is made on a
circle of rich pastry upon which is
deposited a cylindrical mass of filling
made with ground beef potatoes onions
peas carrots turnips and spices
Nino Salado execute a series of neat
folds that result in a rectangular
pastry with a fluted spine
and boy is it good is it comes crisp and
brown out of the oven if you were a
Cornish miner you'd put it in your
pocket for later for the non miners
among us eating it immediately while
still hot is the best advice the flavor
is mellow flaky and magnificent pastry
chef Javier de la Santos shows us how
Scotch eggs are made from hard boiled
eggs wrapped in sausage meat coated with
crumbs and baked
he first seasons and grinds the pork to
make a coarse horse meat this is put in
a sausage maker and extruded through a
clear plastic nozzle de los santos
deftly spins the egg and adheres the
sausage to the outside then goes back
and pecks the meat around the egg as if
he were making a snowball finally each
Scotch egg is rolled in bread crumbs and
popped in the oven
the result is a rich ball tasting of
sage and parsley the perfect party snack
or light lunch
you